Create flotsam tractor beams (#9398)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "anti-missile:"
	`The power of the anti-missile shots. Higher values make it easier to destroy stronger projectiles.`

tip "tractor beam:"

> 	`The velocity that this weapon pulls flotsams toward itself.`

Author: ```suggestion
	`The base velocity that this weapon pulls flotsam toward itself. Heavier flotsam is more difficult to pull.`
```
